#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-dash
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.0
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
category-encoders==2.6.0
    # via pycaret
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via flask
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via pycaret
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
cython==0.29.33
    # via pmdarima
dash==2.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   plotly-resampler
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via sktime
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via pycaret
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
flask==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imbalanced-learn==0.10.1
    # via pycaret
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via pycaret
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.12.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   pycaret
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   pycaret
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pycaret
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-dash==0.4.2
    # via plotly-resampler
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via pycaret
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==3.3.5
    # via pycaret
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   pycaret
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.5.4
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.10
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pycaret
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.56.4
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   sktime
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   yellowbrick
orjson==3.8.9
    # via plotly-resampler
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.14.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pycaret
plotly-resampler==0.8.3.2
    # via pycaret
pmdarima==2.0.3
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   tbats
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   pycaret
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycaret==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyod==1.0.9
    # via pycaret
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   pycaret
retrying==1.3.4
    # via jupyter-dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
schemdraw==0.16
    # via pycaret
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   tbats
    #   yellowbrick
scikit-plot==0.3.7
    # via pycaret
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   yellowbrick
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sklearn==0.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
sktime==0.16.1
    # via pycaret
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
tbats==1.1.2
    # via pycaret
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via pycaret
trace-updater==0.0.9
    # via plotly-resampler
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.40.0
    # via lightgbm
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
xxhash==3.2.0
    # via pycaret
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via pycaret
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
